Testing mutant 3 in XMLCipher.setType
Testing mutant 2 in XMLCipher.setType
Testing mutant 1 in XMLCipher.setType
org.apache.xml.security.test.stax.encryption.XMLEncryption11Test.testKeyWrappingRSA2048Outbound kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testEncryptedKeyWithRecipient kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAes265ElementCipher kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAes192ElementCipher kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testSerializedData kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.algorithms.SymmetricEncryptionAlgorithmTest.testAES192 kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAES256ElementRSAKWCipherUsingKEK kills the mutant
Testing mutant 3 in XMLCipher.setEncoding
org.apache.xml.security.test.stax.encryption.SymmetricEncryptionVerificationTest.testAES192 kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.stax.encryption.XMLEncryption11Test.testKeyWrappingRSA2048Outbound kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testEncryptedKeyWithRecipient kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAes265ElementCipher kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAes192ElementCipher kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testSerializedData kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.EncryptContentTest.testMultipleKeyInfoElements kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.algorithms.SymmetricEncryptionAlgorithmTest.testAES192 kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testEncryptionProperties kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.stax.encryption.DecryptionTest.testModifiedEncryptedKeyCipherValue kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAES256ElementRSAKWCipherUsingKEK kills the mutant
Testing mutant 2 in XMLCipher.setEncoding
Testing mutant 1 in XMLCipher.setEncoding
org.apache.xml.security.test.stax.encryption.SymmetricEncryptionVerificationTest.testAES192 kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.stax.encryption.XMLEncryption11Test.testKeyWrappingRSA2048Outbound kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testEncryptedKeyWithRecipient kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAes265ElementCipher kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAes192ElementCipher kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testSerializedData kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.EncryptContentTest.testMultipleKeyInfoElements kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.algorithms.SymmetricEncryptionAlgorithmTest.testAES192 kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testEncryptionProperties kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.stax.encryption.DecryptionTest.testModifiedEncryptedKeyCipherValue kills the mutant
org.apache.xml.security.test.dom.encryption.XMLCipherTest.testAES256ElementRSAKWCipherUsingKEK kills the mutant

